Update set-up-mdt-for-bitlocker.md (#5170)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/deploy-windows-mdt/set-up-mdt-for-bitlocker.md

If you have access to Microsoft BitLocker Administration and Monitoring (MBAM), which is part of Microsoft Desktop Optimization Pack (MDOP), you have additional management features for BitLocker.

> [!NOTE]
> Backing up TMP to Active Directory was supported only on Windows 10 version 1507 and 1511.

For the purposes of this topic, we will use DC01, a domain controller that is a member of the domain contoso.com for the fictitious Contoso Corporation. For more details on the setup for this topic, please see [Deploy Windows 10 with the Microsoft Deployment Toolkit](deploy-windows-10-with-the-microsoft-deployment-toolkit.md#proof).

## Configure Active Directory for BitLocker

To enable BitLocker to store the recovery key and TPM information in Active Directory, you need to create a Group Policy for it in Active Directory. For this section, we are running Windows Server 2012 R2, so you do not need to extend the Schema. You do, however, need to set the appropriate permissions in Active Directory.

> [!NOTE]
> Depending on the Active Directory Schema version, you might need to update the Schema before you can store BitLocker information in Active Directory.

> In Windows Server version from 2008 R2 and later, you have access to the BitLocker Drive Encryption Administration Utilities features, which will help you manage BitLocker. When you install the features, the BitLocker Active Directory Recovery Password Viewer is included, and it extends Active Directory Users and Computers with BitLocker Recovery information.

Reviewer: Either remove "from" or reverse the order (Windows Server from version 2008 R2 and later)
```suggestion
In Windows Server version 2008 R2 and later, you have access to the BitLocker Drive Encryption Administration Utilities features, which will help you manage BitLocker. When you install the features, the BitLocker Active Directory Recovery Password Viewer is included, and it extends Active Directory Users and Computers with BitLocker Recovery information.
```

Reviewer: D'oh. I will have to make a new PR for my belated suggestion.

> In Windows Server version from 2008 R2 and onwards, you have access to the BitLocker Drive Encryption Administration Utilities features, which will help you manage BitLocker. When you install the features, the BitLocker Active Directory Recovery Password Viewer is included, and it extends Active Directory Users and Computers with BitLocker Recovery information.

Reviewer: I suggest using either "Windows Server version 2008 R2 and onward" or "Windows Server from version 2008 R2 and onward":
```suggestion
In Windows Server version 2008 R2 and onward, you have access to the BitLocker Drive Encryption Administration Utilities features, which will help you manage BitLocker. When you install the features, the BitLocker Active Directory Recovery Password Viewer is included, and it extends Active Directory Users and Computers with BitLocker Recovery information.
```
(Please note: "onwards" is the adverb (or used functionally as a verb in the imperative form), while _onward_ is the adjective.
